fix(clerk-expo): Accept `showInRecents` option for opening web browser on `useSSO` (#6050)
clerk/javascript: .changeset/plenty-plants-clap.md

---
'@clerk/clerk-expo': minor
---

> Allows passing options such as showInRecents to WebBrowser.openAuthSessionAsync, to prevent android web browser tab closing when navigating away during the SSO login.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accepts `showInRecents` as part of `authSessionOptions` on `useSSO`, which prevents Android Web Browser tab to close when navigating away during the SSO flow
```
